Machine Identity and ACR access (#31)
gardener/gardener-extension-provider-azure: docs/usage-as-end-user.md

If you don't use zones then an availability set will be created and only basic load balancers will be used.
Zoned clusters use standard load balancers.

> In the `identity` section you can specify an [Azure user-assigned managed identity](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/managed-identities-azure-resources/overview#how-does-the-managed-identities-for-azure-resources-work) which should be attached to all cluster worker machines. With `identity.name` you can specify the name of the identity and with `identity.resourceGroup` you can specify the resource group which contain the identity resource on Azure. The identity need to be created by the user upfront (manually, other tooling, ...). Gardener/Azure Extension will only use the referenced one and won't create an identity. Furthermore the identity have to be in the same subscription as the Shoot cluster. Via the `identity.acrAccess` you can configure the worker machines to use the passed identity for pulling from an [Azure Container Registry (ACR)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/container-registry/container-registry-intro).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `identity` section you can specify an [Azure user-assigned managed identity](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/managed-identities-azure-resources/overview#how-does-the-managed-identities-for-azure-resources-work) which should be attached to all cluster worker machines. With `identity.name` you can specify the name of the identity and with `identity.resourceGroup` you can specify the resource group which contains the identity resource on Azure. The identity needs to be created by the user upfront (manually, other tooling, ...). Gardener/Azure Extension will only use the referenced one and won't create an identity. Furthermore, the identity has to be in the same subscription as the Shoot cluster. Via the `identity.acrAccess` you can configure the worker machines to use the passed identity for pulling from an [Azure Container Registry (ACR)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/container-registry/container-registry-intro).
```

Reviewer: Also, I would explain that adding/changing/removing the identity results in a rolling update of the nodes (also in the release notes if not yet done).
